this is bill after and oh my god Joey
Styles welcome back to one rustling calm
yeah first of all for those of you who
don't know bill Apter gave me my break
in the business I was yeah it's weird
being back on one wrestling comm
yeah well glad to have you back for the
moment here how are you doing yes you
were one of the two owners I was there
I'm doing I'm doing great but we want to
find out what you're doing
tell everybody right now who I mean
everybody of course remembers you from
the ECW divisional original ECW days but
tell everyone what you currently do for
WWE in case people are not familiar with
it oh I work for a WWE interactive which
includes dub dubby calm and now we're on
iTunes and there's mobile and you can
see our programming on Hulu and YouTube
and I get to travel to all the shows and
I'm basically I guess the between man
the liaison between interactive and
whatever needs to get done on the road
and I absolutely love it are you
broadcasting days finished oh yeah I
don't ever want to call another
wrestling match no you don't ever why
you were I mean you were phenomenal I
think that's too kind I I just did it
for 10 years and I'm done calling
wrestling matches I still get to host
the original ECW footage on WWE classics
on-demand and double w classics calm but
as far as sitting at a table and calling
matches it just doesn't appeal to me at
all so we will no longer hear any oh my
god not in terms of me crawling
wrestling matches there are I'm like
shocked by this I thought if they said
hey how would you like to go back to the
broadcast booth again that you would be
there know you learned so much
credibility to what you did as a
broadcaster what were some of the
highlight calls of your career that
stand out in your mind one or two no no
it's easy uh barely legal
that was validation for me ECW first
live show Eddie Guerrero Dean Malenko
two out of three Falls was there last
night in ECW and I miss Eddie and then
I think closure to my career really was
ECW one-night-stand 2005 which was you
know produced by WWE which I'm thankful
for and looking back I wish I had
retired that night from announcing but
oddly enough announcing raw and then WWE
CWS I call it was my foot in the door
and I've never been happier I love what
I do now you know I thought you were
going to get fired when you did that
tirade against Vince McMahon at Madison
Square Garden here you were in the
garden I mean the house that the WWE
built so to say and you were sounding
off against the boss truth is he told me
to go out and speak my mind and that's
what was on your mind I told me nothing
was off-limits and and he enjoyed it I
mean as far as Vince is concerned there
is no bad live television and and it fit
into what was really going on and jr.
came back and he never should have been
gone and I got to go work with Tazz on
WWE CW and said now I'm I've been
working for W interactive yeah Chazz is
back as you know at TNA broadcasting now
all of my friends work for TNA sometimes
I feel very alone you want to even say
hello to all of them I'd like to say
hello to all of my extreme brethren who
work for TNA and I miss you guys and I
just saw I saw the extreme pay-per-view
did so I don't use the three letters to
get you in trouble and it was all very
nice of you compliment me in a way I was
there with you I miss you you deserve it
you deserve it yeah we're alleged to the
Ring there's a line of my long of people
waiting for you to for autographs and
photos we are thrilled to have you back
on here on one rustling calm and your
reaction you know what I'm looking for
here to being back on one wrestling calm
would be oh my god we'll see you at the
matches Joey Styles our pleasure one
line that's really it's really all I got
he did that's all I got
he did we'll see you at the matches
thank you Joey Styles
you